update properties panel (#199)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: reporting-for-web/articles/report-designer/add-extra-information/display-the-current-date-and-time-in-a-report.md

Do the following to include information about the current date and time into a report:

> 1. Typically, the current date and time are displayed within the [Report Header](../introduction-to-banded-reports.md) band. To add it to the report,  click **Insert Report Header Band** in the context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The current date and time are usually displayed in the [Report Header](../introduction-to-banded-reports.md) band. To add it to the report,  click **Insert Report Header Band** in the context menu.
```
